feat: add OwlBot Template Updates to auto-approve (#2984)
googleapis/repo-automation-bots: packages/auto-approve/README.md

    - Increase the non-major package version of a dependency
    - Only change one dependency
    - Change the dependency that was there previously, and that is on the title of the PR, and is a Google dependency
* OwlBotTemplateChanges:
  - Checks that the author is 'gcf-owl-bot[bot]'
  - Checks that the title of the PR does NOT include feat, fix, or !

>   - Checks that the body of the PR does not contain a PiperOrigin ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Checks that the body of the PR does not contain 'PiperOrigin-RevId'
```
